alright now that I got the batteries all
in I had to figure out a way to get
these bus bars to work so I cut some
angled pieces of wood bouncing them
right there on the base and I put some
post on top of it and now I'm gonna bust
my system right here from one jumper to
the other I'll show you what I mean I'm
gonna set right on top like that and
then of course I'll be jumping them from
there to there to get the most
connection possible so I'm gonna do the
same thing the other side right now I'm
gonna go inside and I'm gonna show you
guys how difficult it really is to cut
this half inch copper man oh man I
didn't know what I was getting myself
into but it'll be worth it in the end
so let's go down the basement and start
getting some holes drilled all right the
copper is almost ready to be cut but
real quick I thought they touch Basin
tell you guys why I chose to use 1/2
inch copper this time around and setup
aluminum well on the grand scheme of
things copper is way more conductive
than aluminum so that's pretty much the
only reason and the first time around I
did it well I didn't want to spend all
that much money and I knew I was gonna
upgrade later so this is perfect for me
now because this is gonna be the final
busbar I'll ever use
all right just a quick word for
everybody out there make sure you have a
nice sharp bit before you won't cut this
cuz I tried again and again and this
was hard-ass out so I'll
stop by there but just make sure every
sharp
hey we're making some progress here
everything we do is getting us closer
and closer to being finished this side
working with the positives and the side
we're working with the negatives coming
down from the floor on that side with
five I went over there with two running
and grounds man I'm looking forward to
they're in here in this system I'm just
gonna tighten up a few things back here
I'm gonna start to run the positive
wires down through this PVC pipe right
there I'm gonna have two runs positive
from the front and then two runs of
negative from the front it's gonna be
pretty stable I can't wait to hear this
thing man I got the wire ready now I'm
just gonna open the hood and start
running her back one positive wire run
and this is where it comes out this is
what's going on basically going right
back in here in this PVC pipe right down
in there you can see it see that little
PVC pipe right there that's where my 0v
is you'll be going in and so I'm just
gonna put the camera down and I'm gonna
run it through